➁ Ready-made test checklists
➁.➀ Functional testing checklist
☑ The site is open and available.
☑ When you try to reopen the site, it opens and is available.
☑ All buttons on the site are clickable.
☑ All links on the site open.
☑ There are no broken links on the site.
☑ Check all forms on the site.
☑ Check the validation of all required fields.
☑ All required fields have an asterisk.
☑ Check validation for all optional fields.
☑ Check the main elements of the site.
☑ Check the operation of the menu.
☑ Check that the downloaded documents open correctly.
☑ Sending forms works correctly.
☑ Check what happens if you delete cookies while on the site.
☑ Check what happens if you delete cookies after visiting the site.
☑ All data in the lists in chronological order.

➁.➁ Checklist for layout testing
☑ UTF-8 encoding.
☑ Fonts are loaded and working.
☑ No HTML and CSS errors.
☑ Test elements on different screen resolutions.
☑ Check buttons on different pages.
☑ Forms when the window is minimized.
☑ Check layout in different browsers.
☑ Check that there are no large comments in the code.
☑ There is a favicon on the site.

➁.➂ Smoke testing checklist
☑ The site is open and available.
☑ The main elements of the site work correctly.
☑ No errors in the console.
☑ No broken links.
☑ The main pages of the site open and work.
☑ No visible errors on the main page.

➁.➃ Checklist of the registration form (login, password)
☑ You can fill in the form fields.
☑ After clicking on the submit button, the form is sent.
☑ The letter is sent to the post office after registration.
☑ Fields are passed in the request.
☑ Check validation of required fields.
☑ Check validation of optional fields.

➁.➄ Online store checklist
☑ Availability of buttons Buy, Order.
☑ You can put the product in the shopping cart.
☑ After ordering, you will receive an email.
☑ There are filters for searching products.
☑ There is a feedback form.
☑ There is a section with contacts.
☑ There are links to social networks.
☑ The search bar is in a prominent place.
☑ There are bread crumbs.
☑ No typos.
☑ Checking the capabilities of your personal account.
☑ Easy to find the right product.
☑ No duplicate products.

➁.⑥ Testing the mobile version
☑ The site opens in the mobile version of the site.
☑ Go through the points of the "Checklist of functional testing".
☑ Go through the items "Checklist for layout testing".
☑ Go through the points "Checklist of smoke testing".
☑ Go through the checklist of the registration form.
☑ If an online store: go through the items "Checklist of an online store".
☑ Check mobile version with screen rotation (horizontal and vertical screen view).
☑ Check in different phone browsers.
☑ Test on different phones.

➁.⑦ SEO checklist
☑ Check that there is no prohibition of indexing in the robots.txt file.
☑ All pages have exactly one H1 tag.
☑ Website on HTTPS protocol.
☑ The site has a favicon.
☑ The site has a sitemap.
☑ No duplicate pages.
☑ There are bread crumbs.
☑ CNC adjusted.

